holy Chibs this DVD review studios and
today I'm gonna make a review on jackass
volume 1 volume 2 and volume free it's
been ages since I've done a jackass
review so I decided to get these free
down from the Shelf and finally review
them so start with volume 1
this volume 2 and 3 came out before
volume 1 because there was some
difficulties we're releasing this
because of all the horrible content
there's no horrible it's amazing
this is the best out free of course
because it's so gruesome amazing but I
don't remember this really mine wash to
NHS I'm many jackets films in about six
months systems and so yeah I'll be a bit
faint on what this contains but it was a
little look further over that picture of
Johnny Knoxville
so it says with a stick and missing
Volume one finding the releases and
eighteen and just says of MTV series of
jackass vol 1 the best aside is back
take dangerous stunts 18 that's the one
in which is pretty much on each one
special features on since a commentary
with all the characters pretty much so
yeah it's on all ones room 26 minutes
and it's a region to take it out and
there is the Cova with johnny Knoxville
and black and white pesticide just says
jackass the lame one there's a little
skull and crossbones
well actually the skull and crutches 18
and could take interest it's like I said
I made a little slope cook so I got Cena
the precedent Jason we may see him with
Johnny and Chris whale or a woman
there's two discs cuz she's just got a
bomb and get boys fathers called so yeah
this is very very good DVD it was
released in 2006
pretty good DVD
a lot of funny students I think most one
where I'm joined dressed up as Santa and
went to get ice shaved I know it at D I
think it was Agee in competition just I
don't know I have no idea as his volume
to pretty much the same except no
slipcover and this red 18 so it just
says 18 if I'm really to it warning just
like on volume warm
that's the desk yeah this had not that
good stunt very laughable but not like
proper good students like volume on had
but still well worth getting my occur
volume 1 I'm a bit fuzzy on what it
contained I remember quite a lot about
blame free the cover gives me a lot and
thought of it I never wondering why it's
not like the universe is because I'm
stupid enough to buy off ebay with the
picture at their original volume free
cover and received this so it's pretty
much my fault but I'm still good it's
some little thin case but on the front
you got a lot of metal man magnet suit
thing would think that was Aaron that
went up in there you know so volume free
and there a picture of the Johnny riding
a bike with a little trail in front with
kresson having stupid I've quite funny
skier that's a wire crust there for me
and TV this might my cup is region one
but disc is reaching to I have no idea
unless this is half a boxer something
but it hasn't all a 93 skips
I think Luton be opening tires on the
closing tales mister disc jackass for a
pitcher we king we man as king but I
think I was just got the skit with Scott
weakened
then in the back you go and the casting
and the nutball scene so they go Chris
Aaron think Matt guys go there you know
Johnny don't know him and Stevo so I'm
not gonna read all these bloody skills
but I won't pick a few out that pretty
good Don Quijote that's funny even
though it's the first opening morning
about it
I'm intro bunny where it's a rabbit and
I'm getting his finger stuck in the door
like it shows on the poster no Paul of
course it's amazing
bloody windshield that was funny a
deep-cover the windshield in blood and
then they went to a gas station we got
it cleaned off and every time a police
car went past they behind a car or
something 90 year old man that's good
yeah that's not really much I can say
it's all good Dutch girl that's funny
yeah so I forgot to put this back in but
still it's on or off and get all same
the disc or enduring 19 minutes so the
shortest one is volume 2 at 78 minutes
and the longest is volume 1 so yeah that
is my knee-jerk miss volumes so please
rate comment subscribe and thank about
you